Off_Board Blink/README.md, before:

# Off Board Blink
Now that we have the whole blinking LED out of the way, why don't we try making things a little more convenient by taking the G2553 off the development board and into a breadboard. In addition to the software, your README needs to also contain a picture of your circuit with at least 2 LEDs blinking all on a breadboard and without a development board. This means that you will need:
* Proper power being supplied to the processor
* Proper Reset Circuitry
* Proper Bypass and Bulk Capacitors as needed

Please be advised that you can easily damage or destroy one of the pins on the MSP430 by applying the wrong voltage or attempting to draw too much current from it. Really check your design before you power up to ensure you do not need request another processor.

## "Do I need to use a power supply to power this thing?"
In the beginning part of the exercise, I would say that you can use the 5V/3.3V rails built into the development board by running wires. However, I would recommend looking into how to supply the processor from something like a battery or the power supply. You might want to look into different types of regulators. For example, your circuits may be powered off of a battery that is only 1.8V, or on a system that can only supply you with 13V.

## "What about the buttons and resistors and LEDS?"
You remember those parts bins in the back of the teaching labs? They contain most everything you will need to do this portion of the lab. You should really make a effort to try and replicate what is on those development boards on the breadboard so you can begin to see what is needed to design with a microcontroller. Mess around with different color LEDS and see if they behave the same as the simple Red LEDs.

# YOU NEED TO CREATE THE FOLLOWING FOLDER
* MSP430G2553

## Extra Work
Once you get to this point, you are pretty much set in terms of GPIO mastery getting the LEDs to blink, but there are some more exploratory tasks that you can do.

### Off-Board Programming
Do we need to keep re-inserting the MSP into the development board to program it, or is there some way to keep the chip in the circuit? For starters, try to connect the header which connects the debugger and emulator (that parts that is really dense in parts) to your chip on your board. You will need to look at the datasheets for the MSP430G2553 and the Launchpad itself to see where and how to connect to the programmer. Next, you should really look at using the JTAG connector that is also available on your board.

### UART/Button Control
Remember that stuff you did a few parts ago? Can you actually get all of that working again off of the development board? Can you control which lights are on, the speed they blink at, etc.

Commit message:

adding c files and README files

Off_Board Blink/README.md, after:

# BLINK
### Written by Ryan Baker
### Last editted on Sept 21, 2018
## Description
This project uses the MSP430G2553 on a breadboard, rather than a launchpad, to blink two LEDs at different frequencies
## Files
In the folder named MSP430G2553 there is a file named blink.c which contains the code.
## Execution
To run this code on an MSP430G2553 without the launchpad, I recommend first connecting the microprocessor to your computer using the launchpad. Run Code Composer and create a new project using the MSP430G2553. I used CCS 8.2.0 for this. Add the code to your project by adding the file directly or copying and pasting the contents of the file into a new file. Debug and let CCS flash the code to your processor. If there are any updates, update your board. Once the code is running on your board, you can unplug the launchpad and remove your MSP430G2553 from the launchpad. Plug the MSP430G2553 into your breadboard with jumpers running from 3.3V on the launchpad to pin 1 on the MSP430G2553, from GND to pin 20, from TEST to pin 17, and from RST to pin 16. Lastly, run an LED in series with a 1k ohm resistor from pin 2 to GND and again from pin 14 to GND. Now plug in your launchpad and your code will run. This can be seen in the GIF.
