Button Blink/README.md, before:

# Button Blink
Now that you have looked at blinking the LED from some built in delay, but what if we wanted to control the state of the LED by a button? You may think "Why would I need a Microcontroller to perform the job of a switch?". And that is where you come in. The bare minimum for this part of the lab is to essentially replicate a switch with your development board.

# YOU NEED TO CREATE THE FOLLOWING FOLDERS
* MSP430G2553
* MSP(FILL IN THE PROCESSOR YOU ARE USING)

## README
Remember to replace this README with your README once you are ready to submit. I would recommend either making a copy of this file or taking a screen shot. There might be a copy of all of these README's in a folder on the top level depending on the exercise. Make sure you talk about how your button is configured (momentary or continuous. Normally open or closed. Does the button press indicate when the LED should be on or off.)

## Extra Work
What can we do to make this a little bit more worthy of needing a microcontroller.

### Button Based Speed Control
Much like the UART controlled speed, what if you could cycle between speeds based on a button press? The speed could progress through a cycle of "Off-Slow-Medium-Fast" looping back when you hit the end.

### Color Change
What if upon a button press, the LED which was blinking changed. Some of the development boards contain two LEDs, so you could swap between a Red and a Green LED.

Commit message:

adding c files and README files

Button Blink/README.md, after:

# BLINK
### Written by Ryan Baker
### Last editted on Sept 21, 2018
## Description
This project uses the MSP430G2553 and the MSP432P401R to blink an LED using a button.
For both microcontrollers, the LED is off when the button is not pressed and on when the button is pressed.
The button acts continuously, meaning the LED continues to stay on while the button is being pressed.
## Files
The files for each of the microcontrollers can be found in the folders with their respective names. The file containing the code is named blink.c.
## Execution
To run this code on your microcontroller, create a project in Code Composer Studio. Make sure to choose the microcontroller that you own when creating the project. I used CCS 8.2.0 to do this. Add this file to your project. This can be done by browsing for the file or just by copying and pasting the contents of the file into a new file. Plug in your microcontroller. Begin to debug your code and update any firmware if necessary. The debugger will finish flashing your code and it will automatically pause at the first line of code. Press the green play button and the code will now be running on your microcontroller.
